As you can see, the world is changing in the age of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. Hello, President Kim. In Korea, Microsoft is known for its founder Bill Gates' deeds. Last year, I interviewed KBS in person. First, I asked the AI for those who wonder who the vice-president is. He is a leader who values corporate culture centered on people. Is that right? I won't complain. Not on this visit. I mean, that's obviously a decision that Samsung will make. But we really do believe that AI can make the whole search experience better. In a sense, we're still searching in 2023, about the same way we did 20 years ago. So if we can persuade Samsung or others to provide a better service to people, I think we would be delighted to do that. You invested $10 billion in OpenAI. That's over 13 trillion won in Korean won. Could you tell us more about MS's specific goal to achieve through AI? Microsoft is really focused with OpenAI on creating what we call the AI supercomputing infrastructure. We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models. And then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. Let me ask you a few questions about AI. First, will the age of technology help humanity or threaten humanity? The answer is, the impact it has on humanity is a double-edged sword. It all depends on how human beings use it. And I think our role is to identify where there are risks and put in safeguards or guardrails to protect against its abuse. Then what side effects are you worried about? I don't need to worry about side effects. AI is a machine. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. I think we should ask ourselves less about what we should stop doing and ask ourselves more what we need to start doing. I would much rather use the next six months to speed up work with governments, to identify how we get the best value out of this technology, how we improve schools and opportunities for students, how we use it to advance healthcare, how we put new rules in place. If we just stop for six months, I don't think the world is going to look very different in September or October than it does today. In a country with a high education rate like Korea, students and parents may be curious about this. AI answers all the questions, but what do they study for? Is it possible to free them from studying thanks to AI? But I'd first say step back. Forty years ago, calculators became popular and some people said, oh, students will no longer need to learn math. The best students use calculators to get better at math, including many people here in Korea. Now, do the same thing with AI. If you want to learn another language, like English, use AI to help you. Korea is such an important leader, certainly in many fields of technology. In some ways, our goal, our hope, our request, if you will, is that we'll continue to have the opportunity to partner with the great companies in Korea across the economy because we do think AI is something that will enable them to continue to be even more successful, not just here at home, but really on a global basis. Thank you very much. Thank you.
